>>There's a lot
of ways that that
can be for a
particular individual,
that as you grow up,
you tend to reach
to a different consciousness
level, which is a large body.
And when you go
up hire, you go up
into a larger body
of consciousness.
It stretches further
and further and further.
If you're coming down,
it's like a vision.
It's like as soon as I
hit the Earth, in order
to experience the polarity here,
I had to split myself in two.
So I broke my spirit
into two-ness.
In order to experience
polarity, I had to do that.
I experience polarity.
And so there were about 300--
almost 300-and-something
people-- on this ship.
And there was three
other people that
were-- this whole ship was
brought in here to drop myself
off, another person named
Balthazar, and one more person.
And we left our Sirian bodies
in kind of a crystal-like casket
sort of thing, which
they reuse, and went
into the fourth conditional
overtone of the Earth's
dimensional level.
That's where we came in on.
And there wasn't hardly
anybody there when we came in.
This was a long time ago.
This was in 1819.
Went up in the higher
levels, there was life there.
There was life, but there
wasn't any real conscious life.
And so we had to keep going
up and up and up and up
and up and up and up
and up and up and up,
and we finally found
them all hanging out
up in the higher dimensions,
in the sixth dimension.
But I had divided
myself into two-ness.
In my memories, it felt like
it was right after we left,
but it may have been a
little later when we actually
did that.
But soon after, if I'd not
done it right then and went up
and begin to try to
understand this whole thing.
So I studied.
I studied from 1819 to 1850.
And then by 1850, I
figured, OK, I'm ready.
I'm ready for this one.
I'm going to go
down on the planet.
And I was born into
the Taos Pueblo.
The chief of the Taos
Pueblo had a dream
that a kachina was
going to be born to him.
I don't know if you
know what a kachina is,
but it's an inter-dimensional
being, which is what I was.
And that was going to be a boy,
and his wife also had a dream
that they were going
to have a kachina who
was going to be a boy.
However, there was
a medicine woman
that was on the tribe, which
was going to be a midwife,
and she had a dream that the
kachina was going to come in,
and it was going to be a girl.
And she never said
anything to anyone,
because it didn't conform
with what the other two had.
And she didn't quite
understand how this could be.
We were born one
evening in a tipi.
And the medicine
woman was there.
The daddy was there.
The mommy was there.
The mommy gave birth,
and it was a little boy.
And the daddy saw-- the
chief saw the little baby
and then was all happy,
and they were happy.
And he went out and left
the midwife with the baby,
waiting for the placenta.
And the woman was exhausted
from all this and lay back.
When she thought what was
coming out was the placenta,
it was another baby.
It was a little
girl, which was me.
But the little boy was also me.
But that was the
divided part of me.
And now the medicine woman
realized that we were kachinas.
And she also
realized that if they
were told that it was
twins, that they would kill
both of us, because
the Taos Pueblo won't
allow twins to come out.
But she knew that we were
supposed to be there.
So what she did was
she took me and hid me
and took me out, without
anyone knowing it.
And so the chief and the mom
knew only of birth of the boy.
They never knew about me.
She hid me, and a few weeks
later, she told the tribe
that she found me.
No one thought anything of it,
because those kind of things
happened.
I mean, she thought it
was from another tribe,
and there was a lot of
Pueblos running down there.
And nobody just thought anything
of it, and so she raised me.
And I was raised with the
mommy of the medicine woman.
And I was raised as a
Crystal-Fetish person
from the Crystal-Fetish tribe.
There were 12 tribes
in the Pueblo,
and I was connected to
the Crystal-Fetish kiva.
And so all my training
was in crystals
and fetishes and herbs,
these kinds of things.
However, when I was trained,
she told me secretly
that I was a kachina
and that I was never,
ever to marry or
to have children.
And so I lived that life and
everything went pretty good.
I learned the whole thing.
I did all kinds
of stuff for them.
And I know what
they can do, and you
would be amazed at what
the American Indians can do
and the level that
their life is at.
What we tend to see is the
pickup trucks, the beer cans,
and the drunk Indians, which
is what's happened recently.
But there's another layer
that's really extraordinary.
And they have been devastated
by alcohol and these things
on habit.
When I was about maybe in
my twenties-- I don't know.
I've got to think about it, I
guess-- 25 or 6 or something
like that-- one day-- I was
very innocent-- I went out
to the forest.
I spent a lot of
time in the forest
by myself gathering
herbs and things.
My brother, which nobody knew
that but the medicine woman--
his name was Two
Feathers, in English.
And they gave him the
nickname of Geronimo.
And then he didn't know.
I didn't know really either.
But we were very good friends.
We spent a lot of time together.
We liked each other a lot.
And we had another friend that
was between us, this male.
And the three of us spent
a lot of time together.
It was really his close friend.
And one day I was way out
in the woods, all by myself,
hanging out, just picking
my things and everything,
and this guy-- this other
one-- happened along.
And we ended up sitting
on this hillside talking
for a long time, and I
ended up doing something
I wasn't supposed to do.
And my mom said,
don't ever do that.
But I did.
And wouldn't you know, I got
pregnant on the first time,
which was a problem.
And they would have
killed me, literally,
if they had found out.
And so we agreed-- see, I had
a lot of freedom in what I did.
And so after two
or three months,
I told them I had
to get these herbs
and go way over into the
mountains a long ways away.
I was going to be gone a while.
And nobody thought
anything of it.
I got on my horse, and I
rose away for a long ways.
But what I really did is I
rode about 10 miles away,
and I had this place that was
set up, and I stayed there.
And this other person came
and visited me every so often.
And I waited, and I
had the baby there.
And when it was over, I gave it
to him, and then I came back.
And he did a similar
thing to what my mom did.
He came back with
this baby, saying
that it had been given to
him from another Pueblo
and he had two wives-- I
think it was-- and he gave it
to them to take care of.
I didn't have to do it.
[INAUDIBLE]
I don't know if I've
ever told this story.
I don't think that I have.
I don't think so.
I don't think it's
ever gone out before.
>>Parts of it.
Parts of it.
>>You have.
>>I have?
>>In Sarasota.
>>I did?
In Sarasota?
That means this is the second
time it's ever been told.
Everything would have
been just great and fine
and no problem, except
that Nura-- I should
say his name-- who was friends
with Two Feathers-- they
were really good friends.
And time went on.
Many years went by.
I don't remember how many.
Quite a few years-- eight
years or so went by.
And it was all over with him.
It was all over with him.
One day, Nura tells Two Feathers
the truth, the whole story.
They're hanging out
somewhere together,
and he tells him
the whole story.
He figures that it's been so
long that Two Feathers wouldn't
care.
It wouldn't matter
at that point.
Well, Two Feathers was
going to be the chief,
and he was a real
popular person.
He was serious about
what he was going to do,
and he knew that I was never
supposed to do that either.
And from their point of view, it
was actually worse than murder,
because I jeopardized the
very life of the tribe
by doing such a thing,
from their point of view.
And I made a lot of
mistakes in my first life.
I'll tell you.
I screwed up left and right
on all kinds of things.
And anyway, from that one act,
the karma just kept rolling on.
And he eventually told him.
And when he told him, Two
Feathers just blew up,
lost control of
his senses, thought
it was the worst
thing he could do.
And so he sat around
and decided what
he could do to get even with
me for doing this thing.
And he decided that what he
was going to do was go get me,
make me pregnant, and
make me have a baby,
make me go through what
I didn't go through.
He didn't think it
all the way through.
All he thought was I was
going to have to pay for this,
and I was going to
have to do this again.
And--
>>You were the
medicine woman now?
>>I was the medicine woman now.
Yeah, I was the main person.
And we were doing some
really very important-- very
important-- work-- global work.
>>But wasn't Two Feathers
part of you, too?
>>Yes, it was me.
You've got to understand, this
is me coming back a little bit.
>>I thought that too.
I thought you were
parallel self couldn't
meet with your parallel self.
Is that not true, then?
>>It's not true.
It's definitely not true.
This was a person that was a
friend between Two Feathers.
That was the name.
Or maybe it can only
be done with kachinas.
I don't know.
Maybe if you're
interdimensional, I don't know.
I know for certain
that you can do this.
In fact, I'm still with
this person right now.
I still have a connection with
this person, even in this life.
So what Two Feathers did is
he went out, found me out
in the woods, and tied me
up, and beat the shit out
of me, to get some of
his anger out of it,
and then raped me to
try to get me pregnant,
and then wanted to make
sure that it worked.
He came back several
times afterwards.
He beat me up another time,
and then third time he
quit beating me up,
but he forced me.
And he did this
probably about 20 times.
But what happened is
each time he did it,
his heart was softening.
And he kept changing, because
he had never been with a woman
ever in his life.
And by the time-- it
was somewhere around--
I don't know when
it was-- he ended up
falling in love with me.
And I did get pregnant.
But when the baby
started to come out
and everything, by then his
whole attitude has changed.
And now he realized
I was pregnant,
so he rationalized the
whole thing again and said,
oh well, the tribe
really loves me.
I'll just tell them, and
they'll make everything fine.
What I mean by it wasn't
thought out very well--
he didn't realize he
was implicating himself
in some very deep things here.
And so the tribe found
out I was pregnant,
and they found out who did it.
And nobody said a
word for a long time.
So we just sort of held
our breath for a long time.
And the baby's born, and they
still don't say anything.
And a month went
by and two months.
I think it was somewhere
between three months and six.
I can't quite pinpoint
exactly where it was.
I was very emotional in this
whole thing about that time.
But the baby was about
three to six months old,
and his father comes in,
brings us into this place,
and tells us that we
had broken the laws,
and that we had to
leave the Pueblo forever
and could never come back again.
But I had work to do, and I
had to finish my work first.
But Geronimo had to leave now.
And this was in the middle of
winter in December of 1848.
And we had only 24 hours,
and in this 24 hours,
he told me that he wanted
me to leave all this
and come with him now
and not finish my work.
He wanted me to stop my
spiritual work, which
I couldn't do, because it
meant the whole planet would
be harmed if I didn't do it,
from at least how I saw things.
And so he wanted me to leave
my religious spiritual work
and come and join him and just
go out and live in the world
by his self and be fine.
He picked a spot down
by the Rio Grande gorge
where I was supposed
to meet him.
And so he says, you be there
tomorrow, and I'll be there.
And I said, I can't do that,
because of what I've got to do.
And he says, you be there.
And then evening--
it was night they
made him leave-- he got
on a horse with the baby.
He took the baby wrapped
up in this blanket.
And I remember at night
riding off on his horse.
I remember looking in his
eyes at the last moment.
I'll never forget that.
And he rode over the hillside,
and I never saw him again.
And what happened-- the
moment he went out of sight,
they arrested me, and put me
into one of the adobe buildings
and put a guard at the door and
kept me in there for a month,
for 30 days, to make sure
that I wouldn't go get--
and in the mean time, Two
Feathers went down to the gorge
and waited for me at this place.
And I didn't show up.
And then he waited
there another night.
I didn't show up
in another night.
And he ended up waiting nine--
it was on the ninth night,
when it was cold.
It was getting cold.
It really gets cold there.
It was like 20 below 0.
And on the ninth night,
the baby froze to death.
And he got so depressed
over this whole thing
that on the next night at the
very same time the baby had
died, he laid down in the
snow and committed suicide
and froze to death.
And I didn't know this
had happened at the time,
and I kept going.
And they made me
complete the work
that I was doing, which we
were building the largest
pyramid in the world.
It was a pyramid that was two
and a half miles on each side,
which still exists here today,
which is the final pyramid.
It holds our grid
up right now, which
we wouldn't be in this room
right now, if it wasn't there.
And it was done by
several other tribes,
and it was extensive work
over a long period of time.
It was a crystal pyramid.
The crystal aligns.
It lined up and
held this together.
And so when I was
finished with that,
it took about two more years.
And they brought me into
the kiva and said, OK.
They said, your
work is done here.
However, you're not finished,
because you're ours.
They saw me as almost like
an object, like I was theirs.
You're not finished.
You have all these things.
You can't be an Indian anymore.
We want you to go
into a white body.
And we want you to
never cut your hair.
That's why my hair is long.
It has nothing to do with
American hippies or any
of this other stuff.
It was because of
a promise that I
made so that they
would recognize me
at a certain point.
There was certain
things that I had to do.
And I had come back and do a
whole list of things for them.
I've done all the things
for them, except for one.
I have one last
thing I have to do.
But that's not until much later.
And so my sister, Nita,
was my mother at that time.
And Ken was my father.
And they decided
to come with me.
Even though they
were the ones that
told me that I had to leave,
they came with me later.
And the tribe
understood all of this.
And it was told from one
son down to the next,
like a whole pattern of a thing.
That's why the chief, who
was Good Deer-- Wankoncha was
his name-- understood
the whole thing
and went to my sister, Nita,
and said we know who you are.
And we want to
keep the connection
and help with the thing.
And they've done
all the ceremonies
to make sure that I'm
allowed to wake up and help.
And in fact, it was the--
>>Hi, you don't
know me, but you do.
And then Joann
brought her out here.
And here's this real beautiful
super-long, red-haired girl.
And we knew.
In fact, the way we
knew for certain was I
knew the story of my life.
And she knew the story her life.
The first thing I knew really
beyond any doubt whatsoever,
because no one knew my name.
Nobody in the world
knew my name but me.
And she walked in, and she
goes, Gianni, which was my name.
And instantly I knew.
There wasn't any doubt.
But beyond that, I still
wanted to check further.
And so she said the
first year of our life.
I said the second year.
Then she told the story
of the third year.
I told the fourth.
And she told the fifth
all the way through
to verify absolutely
that this was true
that we knew each other.
And then as soon as we got
done telling the whole,
and we realized definitely
beyond any doubt
whatsoever who we were, she
looked at me, and she goes,
you!
You left me out there.
I mean, she was pissed.
I mean really pissed.
I mean, she does her
whole first [INAUDIBLE]
and she got so mad at me.
And I had to explain to
her that I was arrested,
and I didn't have any
choice in this whole matter,
because she didn't know that.
And we went through
a lot of things.
I'll tell you, man.
And we still are.
We're still going
through a lot of things.
It has not been an easy
road for either one of us.
And she's a real hot red head.
>>She's your other aspect.
She's you.
>>She is me on another level.
>>That's incredible.
>>And we got married
and had two babies.
And these two babies
were the two babies
that I had brought
through before.
I brought the same
ones back through.
Marley was the one that died
24 hours before-- died exactly
24 hours before.
Mackie was born
February 4th at 7:28.
28 Marley was born February
3rd at 7:28, exactly 24
hours before Mackie, right
to the minute-- right
to the minute.
>>Drunvalo, what about
your son supposedly
is supposed to be Merlin?
>>No, he's not Merlin.
Merlin worked.
That's another whole thing.
>>I know it's another story.
It's a good one though.
>>When I walked into
the body, the body
happened to be married.
And so my wife never
knew that I walked in,
even know my name, Drunvalo
Melchizedek, came to my wife,
not to me.
The angel said, your
husband's name is this.
And we wrote it down.
And she didn't know
what that meant.
She didn't know that
really who I was was
not who she actually married.
Right prior to that time,
before I walked into the body,
the angels came in and
had asked that the baby be
born to that family, which ended
up in my control for a while.
And they said that if we had
this inter-dimensional being,
that it would be born
precisely on our wedding
night when we got married.
We had to get married, and we'd
have it on our wedding night.
And so when they got married,
when the doctors counted back,
it was exactly to
the wedding night.
They said it would be a
male and all various things.
They gave a secret name-- I
can't say right now, I guess,
what his real name was--
where he came from,
which was the center
of the central sun,
and that he'd never
been here before,
and he would bring
in this pyramid
of inter-dimensional beams.
But as soon as he was about
to be born, or somewhere
in his birth, the angels
came and told my wife
that Zachary, who is what
we ended up naming him,
didn't come from her.
It wasn't her baby.
And she said, well, what do
you mean, this is not my baby?
It's in her tummy, right?
And he says, no, it
came from another woman,
came in on her fertility
cycle of another woman,
and that this other woman's
name was [INAUDIBLE] Pindara
and that she was in India.
And so at one point, the
angel said, would you
like to meet this
woman-- asked both of us
if we would like
to meet this woman.
And of course, we said,
of course we would.
And again, we were
out in the middle
of that woods in that house
out in the middle there.
This is right before
I walked in, actually.
I've got all the memories of him
and me, both of them, in there.
And I had a friend
who came over.
His name was Jim Ulmer,
and he was a banjo player.
I used to be into music
a lot in the old days.
I played a lot of
different things.
I used to play the
silver flute or banjo,
if you can figure that one out.
It was really good.
One night they said that she
would be coming in very soon.
Well, this one night
she came into my wife.
I actually fell asleep.
And while I was asleep,
my wife was woken up.
Angels woke her up and said
that Bupi was coming in.
The first night was
only by her experience.
I had the direct experience
myself a few nights later.
The first night what happened
is the weirdest thing.
It's like the reality
opens up, and there's
like an oval with
some shimmering gold
around the oval.
And you look through into where
the other person's standing.
So you see the rest of
the world like this,
and all of the sudden,
there's like a window
in the middle of the room.
You look through into where
this other woman was standing.
So there was a woman
standing there.
She was dressed in a
white sari with a red dot
and a little bit of
gold on the fringe.
And she was Hindu.
And you could see people
walk by in the background.
It was like, this
was the weirdest--
this was the best
communication I
had seen in this kind of level.
And so she came in to my wife
and told her this whole story--
this long, long story.
Am I going too long here?
>>No.
>>Who cares?
>>Go ahead, stop
if you're tired.
>>I'm going to tell just
this one last story,
and then we're going to
close, because I think
this has gone a long time,
because I've got to pack up,
and I'm supposed to be
out of here by midnight.
It's almost 11 o'clock.
>>Where was I?
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
It was a thing between
my wife and her,
and Bupi said she would tell
her the story of how it came in.
And according to Bupi,
an angel came to her
and told her that
she was going to have
this being, like the other
angels told us the same thing.
Told her that it was
going to be a girl.
Other than that, I'm not sure.
But it was immaculate
conception.
She wasn't married,
had no husband.
And sure enough,
she became pregnant.
And when she became
pregnant, she
was told to go to Tibet
to a monastery there,
and the monastery
would take care of her.
She went to Tibet,
and the monastery
knew that she was
coming, let her in,
and took care of her all the
way through her pregnancy.
When the baby was
born, the monastery
thought the baby was
going to be a boy.
That was their belief pattern.
But the baby was a girl.
And when the when the
Tibetan monks saw this,
they took a knife 10 minutes
after the baby was born and put
it through the baby's heart.
This was actually part of
the plan, according to Bupi.
The baby is coming
in for the first time
and wanted only to
see what femaleness
was-- 10 minutes
was enough-- and had
to go over to the other side
and do what it had to do.
Seems kind of weird.
And then the baby
came in through us.
And so when Zachary was born,
this woman sat up in the top.
Wherever that baby was, there
was this folded back reality
up there with her looking
down at this baby.
She watched over
this baby for a year.
I mean like a hawk.
If anybody would have came in
that room and thought of doing
something to that baby, I don't
know what she would have done.
I mean, she was not going to let
anything happen to this baby.
But I noticed that every time
I'd come in there, every once
in a while, I'd looked
up there, and it would
be a different background.
It would be a different house
or something where she was in.
There was several
times it changed.
And I said, hey,
what's going on?
You seem to be moving a lot.
Actually I would sit in there
sometimes and sort of talk
to her like we're talking now.
And she'd say,
well, the Tibetans
that killed the baby have
decided that I should die too.
So they're trying to get me.
And so I thought about
that for a while.
After thinking about this for a
long time, I came back to her,
and I said, how about if I
just send you a plane ticket,
and you get on a plane and
fly out here to Canada,
and they'll never
find you out here?
I'll pay for your
way and everything.
I'll take care of you when you
get here and the whole thing.
And she goes, well,
let me think about.
She goes, maybe it would be a
good idea for me to leave here.
And so a few days
later, she talks to me.
And she wanted to talk to me
when I walked in the room.
She said, I thought of something
I would really like to do.
This is how I would like to do
it, if you will agree with it.
And I said, OK, what's that?
And she goes, here's
what I'd like you to do.
Remember my alchemist
teacher, Will Chipman?
The guy who was doing this?
She says, I would like you to
go to Will and tell him this.
Tell him that in
exactly two weeks,
he's going to have an
experience that will link him
tightly with the woman that
he's now with-- he just
had a girlfriend.
He just had this
girlfriend-- and that they
are going to have an experience
where they will decide in two
weeks that they're going
to want to be married
and that in exactly 30 days
from the day I tell them,
she's going to conceive a baby,
and the baby will grow up,
and it will come out
a male, and that they
will call this baby Merlin.
And when the baby
comes out, she says,
you will hold me in
your arms-- meaning her.
You will hold me in your
arms and look into my eyes,
and you will know who I am.
But you will never see me
again until you are much older.
And I am then going to connect
with Zachary, this other baby,
and we are going
to become friends.
And we will meet you later,
when you're much older.
That was a long time ago.
It was over 20 years.
And so I felt real funny
about going to do this,
to tell this person this
thing, especially since they
were just boyfriend
girlfriend and had not even
talked about marriage,
let alone babies.
But I did it.
I sat them both down, and
I said, well, in two weeks,
you're going to
have to experience.
And I just laid the whole thing
out, told them the whole thing.
And Will just looked at me.
He says, nah.
We're going to-- nah,
never going to happen.
Well, I don't know what
happened, but in two weeks,
they did have this
experience, whatever it was,
which blew their minds.
And they decided to get
married, just like I said.
And in exactly 30 days from
the day that I told them,
she conceived a baby.
And the baby was born,
and it was a male.
And it was too much.
And they named him Merlin.
But I didn't know who
Merlin was at that time.
I didn't know about
the legends of Arthur
and all these other
things like that.
And it wasn't until
much later that I
was made to understand
who this person was.
And from what I understand now
is that what Merlin does is
he oscillates.
A lot of peoples stay
one sex for a long time.
In reincarnation they
switch to another one.
He goes every other
time back and forth
in a wave to keep
perfect balance.
And the last time,
he was a female,
and so this time, he's male.
And he's doing the same thing
that he did with King Arthur.
He's got this other
baby that he's
trying to get up
there to do something,
whatever the heck it is.
I don't know.
And so when Thoth left
here a couple years ago,
and he took the Merkaba and
went over the other edge,
he told me, your next teacher
is going to be Merlin again.
But you won't meet Merlin
until you get to England.
And so that's why
I've been trying
to get to England, to get
over there for a long time.
And maybe I won't meet
Merlin when I go to England.
You've got to move these
things with absolutely
no expectations.
That's the only way it works.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
I don't know where Zachary is.
At one point, when
he was 10 years old,
I gave the mother a whole lot
of money-- a lot of money.
And she immediately
left and went to Mexico.
That was the last I heard.
And exactly where
she is at this moment
could be anywhere on the planet.
And I've been told by
the angels to leave it
that way for right now, though
it's really hard for me,
because I was very
close to these children.
It was really, really hard.
And that's another
whole story that
leads into why that has to be.
And we just can't do it.
It's just getting too late.
>>Can you talk about
facilitators for a minute?
>>Well, anyone who wants
to be a facilitator,
if you want to know about
that, look on the October--
you got the list
of the workshops.
Look on the October workshop.
And there is a name there--
Madelyn Burley-Allen.
She's the one that's
coordinating all that.
Call her.
She'll tell you everything
you need to know.
There will be a facilitator's
program May first and second.
Though I think this
is a little soon
for you to be
thinking about that.
I mean, you guys, if
you're going to teach this,
you need to make sure that
this is really real for you
and that it is
worthwhile to teach
and that it's something
that you want to teach.
And so you've got to find
out if it's something
that you ought to do.
And then do it for a while.
And then if you've
done it for a while,
then you should maybe
think about doing that.
I think it's too early,
at least for most of you.
Hugh, this is your second time.
So you're already signed
up on there, aren't you?
>>Yeah.
>>OK, there is one coming
up on May 1 and May 2.
Anyone who has been
through the workshop
is eligible to shows
these videos and teach it,
if it feels like the
right thing to do.
But I'm not going
to have anything
to do with that at all.
It's going to be through
other people-- very little
to do with it.
I just want to
thank everybody that
has helped to make this happen--
Barbara Sheridan, who has done
so much work to make
all this happen,
and Rick and Susan and John,
that have filmed this thing.
And all the people
that have helped
to make this come
about in force, I just
want to tell you all thank
you, for doing it, really.
It wouldn't have happened if
you hadn't helped it happen.
And I really would like to
pray that we all move safely
into this other world of
light, and that you remember
to keep your heart open and
be happy through all of this,
because it's your joy that
will guide you so clearly.
No matter how dark
it gets, as long
as you remain happy
and joyful and loving,
there'll be no problem letting.
It's your power.
It's your strength.
It's what light is all about.
And trust in yourselves.
And remember God
with each breath.
Remember the truth of the
reality of every breath
that you breathe.
And I just want to
say I love you all
and thank you for everything.
>>Thank you.
>>We love you.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>So be it.
Let's hug each other.
[LAUGHTER]
[CHATTER]